# Coursera_Capstone
I want to start a new Asian bakery in Manhattan. I know that Asian people like to buy Asian-styled cakes, bread, or pastries from Asian bakeries after main meals like lunch or dinner for tea, supper or breakfast respectively. I want to site my Asian bakery in an area where there are notable Asian restaurants, and a lack of Asian bakeries so that I don't have competitors. I also try to minimise indirect competitors selling cakes, bread or pastries like dessert shops, ice-cream shops, coffee shops, Asian grocery shops and cafes. 

I obtain data on the latitudes and longitudes of New York City neighborhoods from 'newyork_data.json' at https://cocl.us/new_york_dataset. Foursquare yields individual neighborhoods and top-ranked locations in them. I pick out Manhattan neighborhoods in which the following are in the top 5: Chinese Restaurant, Korean Restaurant, Sushi Restaurant, Japanese Restaurant, Hotpot Restaurant, Asian Restaurant, Vietnamese Restaurant, Ramen Restaurant and Thai Restaurant. 

Of the neighborhoods with either Chinese, Ramen, Vietnamese, Korean, Japanese, Sushi or Thai Restaurants in the top 10 venues, I remove those neighborhoods that already have Bakery in the top 10 venues. I then use Foursquare to find bakeries in the 0.5 km vicinity of these areas that are not listed in the top 10 venues. This enables me to choose only those locations with no bakeries in the specified vicinity. I exclude locations with bakeries. For the remaining locations, I count the numbers of indirect competitors: dessert shops, ice-cream shops, coffee shops, Asian grocery shops and cafes; as well as the number of Asian restaurants. I present these as two categories in a bar chart for each location. The location that I pick will have the lowest ratio of indirect competitors to Asian restaurants.
